Add documentation for migrating in production (#377)
goclimateneutral/goclimateneutral: README.md

* Run Ruby tests: `bin/rspec`
* Run Ruby linter: `bin/rubocop`

## Deployment

> The deployment process is automatic if you are not making any database changes - just merge into master.

Reviewer: Deployment is always automatic, even with migration changes. As we experienced :).

```suggestion
Deployment is done automatically on pushes to `master` – just merge your changes.
```
